docs: update external docs with a better structure (#14718)
rook/rook: Documentation/CRDs/Cluster/external-cluster/external-cluster.md

* [RBD pools](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/rados/operations/pools/#create-a-pool)
* [CephFS filesystem](https://docs.ceph.com/en/quincy/cephfs/createfs/)

## Connect the external Ceph Provider cluster to the Rook consumer cluster

1) [Export config from the Provider Ceph cluster](/Documentation/CRDs/Cluster/external-cluster/provider-export.md). Configuration must be exported by the Ceph admin, such as a Ceph keyring and mon endpoints, that allows connection to the Ceph cluster.

2) [Import config to the Rook consumer cluster](/Documentation/CRDs/Cluster/external-cluster/consumer-import.md). The configuration exported from the Ceph cluster is imported to Rook to provide the needed connection details.

> [Verify the cluster connection](/Documentation/CRDs/Cluster/external-cluster/consumer-import.md#cluster-verification) steps are provided to validate the connection.

Reviewer: I'm still confused by mentioning the verification here. Can we just remove this line, and they can see the verification in the import topic?

## Advance Options

* [NFS storage](/Documentation/CRDs/Cluster/external-cluster/advance-external.md#nfs-storage)

* [Exporting Rook to another cluster](/Documentation/CRDs/Cluster/external-cluster/advance-external.md#exporting-rook-to-another-cluster)

* [Run consumer Rook cluster with Admin privileges](/Documentation/CRDs/Cluster/external-cluster/advance-external.md#admin-privileges)

* [Connect to an External Object Store](/Documentation/CRDs/Cluster/external-cluster/advance-external.md#connect-to-an-external-object-store)

## Upgrades

* [Upgrade external cluster](/Documentation/CRDs/Cluster/external-cluster/upgrade-external.md#upgrade-external-cluster)

> * [Utilize new feature with upgrade](/Documentation/CRDs/Cluster/external-cluster/upgrade-external.md#upgrade-cluster-to-utilize-new-feature)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* [Utilize new features in upgrade](/Documentation/CRDs/Cluster/external-cluster/upgrade-external.md#upgrade-cluster-to-utilize-new-feature)
```

* [RBD pools](https://docs.ceph.com/en/latest/rados/operations/pools/#create-a-pool)
* [CephFS filesystem](https://docs.ceph.com/en/quincy/cephfs/createfs/)

> ## Steps to connect external Provider cluster to Consumer cluster

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Connect the external Ceph Provider cluster to the Rook consumer cluster
```

> * [Extract data from Provider Ceph cluster](/Documentation/CRDs/Cluster/external-cluster/provider-cluster.md)

Reviewer: How about including a sentence or two with each of these links that describes the export action? Something like this? 
```suggestion
1. [Export config from the Provider Ceph cluster](/Documentation/CRDs/Cluster/external-cluster/provider-cluster.md). Configuration must be exported by the Ceph admin, such as a Ceph keyring and mon endpoints, that allows connection to the Ceph cluster.
```
Also, let's make this a numbered list so it is clear the steps are ordered.

> * [Commands on the K8s consumer cluster](/Documentation/CRDs/Cluster/external-cluster/consumer-cluster.md)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. [Import config to the Rook consumer cluster](/Documentation/CRDs/Cluster/external-cluster/consumer-cluster.md). The configuration exported from the Ceph cluster is imported to Rook to provide the needed connection details. Steps are provided to validate the connection as well.
```

> * [Verify the cluster connection](/Documentation/CRDs/Cluster/external-cluster/consumer-cluster.md#cluster-verification)

Reviewer: This is part of the import in the previous step, so perhaps we don't need this step. It can be mentioned in the previously bullet.

> ## Advance Features

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Advanced Options
```

* [NFS storage](/Documentation/CRDs/Cluster/external-cluster/advance-external.md#nfs-storage)

* [Exporting Rook to another cluster](/Documentation/CRDs/Cluster/external-cluster/advance-external.md#exporting-rook-to-another-cluster)

> * [Run consumer cluster with Admin privileges](/Documentation/CRDs/Cluster/external-cluster/advance-external.md#admin-privileges)

Reviewer: Wherever we refer to the consumer cluster, let's also include Rook for clarity.
```suggestion
* [Run consumer Rook cluster with Admin privileges](/Documentation/CRDs/Cluster/external-cluster/advance-external.md#admin-privileges)
```
